Source:
MAHARASHTRA REMOTE SENSING APPLICATION CENTRE
http://www.mrsac.gov.in/

Terms of Use
By accessing this website, you agree that MRSAC will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of the information and the material contained in this website.
The copyright of the material of MRSAC contained in this website belongs to and remains solely with MRSAC. If any user is interested to use the material of MRSAC featured in this Website, then, the user is required to take the permission from MRSAC. Nevertheless, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Users are requested to acknowledge appropriately for the material used.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Nagpur.
This Website provides links to other web pages that are not part of MRSAC domain, MRSAC does not exercise any control over the information on these external links. External links are provided for your convenience and for reasons consistent with MRSAC's mission. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.

Copyright Policy
Material featured on this site may be reproduced free of charge in any format or media without requiring specific permission. This is subject to the material being reproduced accurately and not being used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Where the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledge. However, the permission to reproduce this material does not extend to any material on this site which is identified as being the copyright of the third party. Authorization to reproduce such material be obtained from the copyright holders concerned.

Disclaimer
The information provided in the web page is for convenience as part of the service we offer at this web site. However, MRSAC cannot accept any liability for the accuracy or content. Visitors who rely on this information do so at their own risk.
Though all the efforts have been made to keep the content on this website accurate and up-to-date, the same should not constructed as a statement of law or used for any legal purpose. All queries regarding the content of this website may be directed to the Maharashtra Remote Sensing Application Centre, Nagpur ( by  post as well as email address).

Hyperlinking Policy
This site may contain links to Government or Non-Government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. Maharashtra Remote Sensing Application Centre (MRSAC), Nagpur does not exercise any control over the information on these external links and is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourages you to consult the privacy notice of that site. Similarly, we do not necessarily endorse the views expressed with them. We cannot guarantee these links will work all the time and that we have no control over available of the linked pages.